♪ Music playing ♪
JASON: I've been thinking a lot about innovation lately
and how does that happen?
For me, it's having a great team
that is empowered and given the space
to do what they know how to do.
SUZIE: We get to realize ideas.
And Apple people
have some pretty crazy ideas.
DIVYA: Just to be with all these smart people here --
It's hugely inspiring.
Plus you know you're working on a product
that's going to reach millions of people.
What can be better than that?
EMILIE: I take a lot of pride in what I do
and so does everyone I work with.
And being around people
who care so deeply about what they do --
that really is what motivates me.
REBECCA: There are very few individuals
that go into the level of detail that we do.
We drive consistently for perfection.
EHSAN: But all those technical things, all they do
is they add up to an experience for the customer
that is seamless, that is easy,
that is just natural.
CUSTOMER: Oh, that is so cool! I love it!
RUCHI: It all looks so smooth and seamless.
Underneath, every single detail
has thousands of people behind it.
JASON: We at Apple are looking for people
who are passionate about what they do.
And that passion,
it doesn't necessarily come from experience.
It doesn't necessarily come from education.
It comes from within.
♪